# Label It

A way to make labeling and categorizing your drives easier by using code words inspired by National Security Agency's Tailored Access Operations' naming scheme (https://www.electrospaces.net/p/nsas-tao-division-codewords.html). Instead of having to memorize a serial number or guess which password goes to what drive, this makes it easier to catalog your drives. 

I would recommend using the Electronic Frontier Foundation's large word list from: https://www.eff.org/dice. To get only the words, I ran the following on the large wordlist: `cat eff_large_wordlist.txt | awk '{ print $2}' > words.txt`.

**This program is meant for Linux primarily**, but can be changed for Windows with a small tweak. See the [Tinkering](#wordlist-update-for-windows) section in the README for it.

## Features

- Written in Rust allowing the code to run fast 
- Does not override your previous output file

## Installation

Install Label It with Cargo. 

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/harisqazi1/Media.git
  cd Media/label_it/
  cargo run
```

You can also run `cargo build --release` in the directory, and then run the binary in `target/release/label_it` (for example, `./target/release/label_it /usr/share/dict/words 2`). You can also run the `cargo run /usr/share/dict/words 2` command which will build **and** run the binary, but the binary output here is 20 Megabytes compared to 2 Megabytes with `cargo build --release`.

## Usage/Examples

The program has 2 uses: output to stdout and output to file. The following arguments are expected/optional:

- **wordlist (required)**: The wordlist you would like to use for generating the output.

- **amount (required)**: The amount of code words you would like to generate.

- **output_file (optional)**: The output file for the code words. The code is programmed to append to a file as well.

### Output to stdout:

The format for this is: `cargo run wordlist amount`.

```bash
cargo run /usr/share/dict/words 2
```

Output:

```markdown
# Drives -----------
Codename: PosesIncompatible
Make & Model: 
Serial Number: 
Size: 
Date Purchased: 
Encryption Type: 
Password: Mitigates*Routed$Pleading~Macumba's(Battiest

Codename: GratuitySomnambulism
Make & Model: 
Serial Number: 
Size: 
Date Purchased: 
Encryption Type: 
Password: Statesman's!Turkestan@Amirs@Frizz's*Misgivings
```

### Output to file:

The format for this is: `cargo run wordlist amount output_file`.

output.txt contents **before**:

```markdown
# Drives -----------
Codename: MargrethePro
Make & Model: 
Serial Number: 
Size: 
Date Purchased: 
Encryption Type:
```

Command:

```bash
cargo run /usr/share/dict/words 2 output.txt
```

output.txt contents **after**:

```mark
# Drives -----------
Codename: MargrethePro
Make & Model: 
Serial Number: 
Size: 
Date Purchased: 
Encryption Type: 

Codename: CondescendedRenovation's
Make & Model: 
Serial Number: 
Size: 
Date Purchased: 
Encryption Type: 

Codename: Tubing'sRogering
Make & Model: 
Serial Number: 
Size: 
Date Purchased: 
Encryption Type: 


```

The code **does not** override the file, but appends to it, to make sure the code can be repeated as needed.

## Tinkering

There are changes you can make for the code. See the following if you wanted to use the code in another method. You would have to run `cargo build` after your updates to get the new binary.

### Wordlist update for Windows

Currently, there is only one line that prevents this code from properly functioning on Windows:

`/src/lib.rs` (line 136):

```rust
    let contents = fs::read_to_string("/usr/share/dict/words")
    .expect("Should have been able to read the file");
```

This file path does not exist on Windows, and so the program will crash here. In order to mitigate this, the path would need to be changed to another wordlist on the Windows machine. After that the program can be built again and should work properly. **I have not tested this.**

My reasoning was not to exclude Windows by any means, but to make the work as easy for the end-user as possible. This included using a wordlist build into Linux, in the cases where a code name was found to be generated by my program, but was also in the output file already.

### Add a password field

There is a way to add a password field in the output as well. I have commented that out as having your passwords in plain text is **not recommended**. However, as I coded this already (and then commented it), it will easy to enable this feature. As such, if you wanted to include passwords in the output, you would just uncomment lines 13 (for the char array) and 34-44 (for the password format) in `lib.rs`. The output with that looks like the following:

```
# Drives -----------
Codename: JagsWrap
Make & Model: 
Serial Number: 
Size: 
Date Purchased: 
Encryption Type: 
Password: Atlantis*Kazakhstan@Gifted^Corny#Yorkshire

Codename: ReversingIDs
Make & Model: 
Serial Number: 
Size: 
Date Purchased: 
Encryption Type: 
Password: Heartbeat's@Tiger$Encapsulates)Magnanimous#Chino
```

### Add or remove fields from output

This can be changed by modifying the lines from 24-32 in lib.rs, as well as line 72. If the code name field is changed, some of the logic will need to be changed as well to account for that.

## Acknowledgements

A big thanks to Samuel Tanner for his assistance in coming up with the name. It is hard to accurately describe the program in a couple of words, while making it interesting for others, but I believe "Label It" allows for just that. 

A big thanks to the [GitHub - johnthagen/min-sized-rust](https://github.com/johnthagen/min-sized-rust) repository, for allowing me to find a way to reduce the output binary size by 90% (20 MB to 2MB).

## License

[CC BY 4.0 Attribution 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
